feat: re-structure documentation (#215)
rancher/turtles-docs: docs/next/modules/en/pages/index.adoc

= Overview
:page_project_origin: /intro.md
:page_project_slug: /

== What is Rancher Turtles?

The Cluster API Extension for Rancher, also known as {product_name} is a Kubernetes Operator that provides **integration between Rancher Manager and Cluster API (CAPI)** with the aim of bringing full CAPI support to Rancher.

With {product_name}, you can:

* **Automatically import CAPI clusters into Rancher**, by installing the Rancher Cluster Agent in CAPI provisioned clusters.
* Implement a **GitOps-native** workflow to managing Kubernetes clusters in Rancher.

> * **Simplified management of CAPI Providers** based on the CAPI Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Simplified management of CAPI Providers** using the CAPI Operator.
```

image::intro.png[intro,640,480]

== Navigate the documentation

To simplify the process of getting started with {product_name}, we have organized the documentation so it flows naturally from understanding basic concepts to using more advanced features. We recommend you follow along with the documentation but, if you have previous experience with any of the topics presented, you can jump to the specific section.

=== Tutorials

If this is your first time using {product_name} and you want to get started quickly, we recommend you start xref:./tutorials/quickstart.adoc[here]. This will guide you through the process of getting your environment ready for installing {product_name}, using CAPI to provision a new workload cluster and importing it into Rancher.

=== Reference

> Understand the xref:./reference/architecture.adoc[architecture] of {product_name}, the xref:./reference/features.adoc[features], the concept of xref:./reference/certified.adoc[`Certified Providers`] and the xref:./reference/glossary.adoc[core concepts] of the operator's features.

Reviewer 2: `features`  link is taking to the page where not features itself but feature stages are described. If we want to keep it, let's add maybe features that we have behind the feature gate at the top of the document and then explain the stages? We could take an inspiration from k8s docs: https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/

Author: I added a table with the existing features that can be enabled/disabled when installing Turtles to the features page, trying to make it make sense with the current title. The feature stages section is still there but it now describes concepts that are used in the features table, which I think we can expand as features keep growing, e.g. more features under `day2operations`.

=== User guide

> Learn how to use {product_name} to xref:./user/clusters.adoc[manage your CAPI clusters in Rancher], , how to xref:./user/capiprovider.adoc[install and manage CAPI Providers] or using more advanced features like xref:./user/clusterclass.adoc[`ClusterClass`].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn how to use {product_name} to xref:./user/clusters.adoc[manage your CAPI clusters in Rancher], how to xref:./user/capiprovider.adoc[install and manage CAPI Providers] or using more advanced features like xref:./user/clusterclass.adoc[`ClusterClass`].
```
